added Eficode to ADOPTERS (#1293)
k8gb-io/k8gb: ADOPTERS.md

| ------------ | ------- | ------------------ |
  [Absa](https://www.absa.co.za/) | @kuritka | K8GB was created in Absa and had there first production use in cross-regional datacenter context
[Millennium bcp](https://www.millenniumbcp.pt/) | @infbase | Multicloud and multi-region cloud native load balancing

> [Eficode](https://eficode.com/) | @punasusi | As a cloud-native and devops consulting firm, we have used k8gb customer engagementsp

Reviewer: @punasusi thanks a lot for adding your company to the list, it helps the project! a lot
```suggestion
[Eficode](https://eficode.com/) | @punasusi | As a cloud-native and devops consulting firm, we have used k8gb in customer engagements
```
It looks like I've spotted a typo, please confirm if my understanding is correct :)
